these are the premisces for the worlds in my story

these are not in the order as they will appear in the novel and may not even appear in the book at all.

migratory world
  the premisce is that the world consists of a continent that wraps around it in a contnuous strip, to the north of the continent is a mountain with a desert to its south. to the south of the desert is a steppe, and to the south of the steppe is a forest. the people of this world are nomadic cattle herders who follow a belif that to the west lies a paradise and salvation from a great evil that is chasing them from the east. however the world is round and they futiley travel in circles for generations. 

city that rains gold
  industrializing city with a steampunk feel. the city is near an active volcano that spits molten gold into the air that lands in and on the city. the gold lands on the tops of skyscrapers to guild them. or they land in puddles causing steam explosions maiming civilians. or they land on the heads of the unwary. before the volcano became active there was a village in the place of the city. with the first eruption the inhabitants where made into gold sculptures by the downpour, those who where inside buldings where stuck to suffocate to death in their guilded tombs.

city of gold coins
  city wich for some reason has a profuse amount of gold (mostly coins). the city is cursed and instantly kills anyone who tries to leave with gold on their person. artisans come to the city to train before leaving to apply their skills. peole will try to make others they dislike ingest gold (in the form of flakes or dust) so they will die if they ever try to leave. 
  
mole people world
  feudal era world where everyone has pale/semi translucent skin that sunburns extremly easily. to counter this they have nocturnal lifestyles and live underground in burrows. their homesteads consist of a burrow that is surrownded by the familys farm and a rim of trees to distinguish their plot. towns are like mole hill of inter conected burrows. during the day giants roam. giants are agressive and generally avoided, however their drinking their blood essentially cures anyone of their albinism.

chasm world
  the world has a 10m wide 250km long chasm that is perfectly straight to the point that it gets deeper at the middle only due to the curveature of the planet. since it is sloped water natrually flows down it. due to its immense depth at either side of its middle the flowing torrent eventually starts to boil causing an immense  gyeser of steam to continuously rise at either point. these geisers can be harnesed (not sure yet how advanced the world is yet) and definately effect weather with a rain/ snow shaddow.

opium world
  world where the place he gets to is a cash crop plantation colony where the cash crop is an opiate that releases its drug into the air regardless of harvest so everyone around the fields (the entire polulus) is bot addicted and pacfied by the drug.

telepath world
  everyone is a telepath and the mc who isnt used to telepathy so he transits basically all of his conciousness to his neighbors unless he vocalises, in wich case they dont understand because they dont have a use for vocal language.

tube earth
  the planet is a tube that spins all of the living hapens on the inside of the tube, instead of gravity the cintrifical force is what keeps things grounded. (idk how to do sun/ moon yey)

twin magic cities
  magic world where cities have magic bariors. long ago two nations went to war and the offensive army of a seige decides that they should defend their seige camp with a barrior of their own. the seige camp soon became a city of its own and now there are two cities neighborig eachother at an absurd proximity promoting hostility that persists long after the original war.
